Hello everybody.
Welcome back to this new case study.
Today we're going to begin a new study on predicting the likelihood of signing a loan based on financial
history.
Foolish.
Jump into it.
Let me give you an introduction of where we're coming from when we're going to start building this model
now lending companies work by analyzing the financial history of their loan applicants and they choose
whether or not the applicant is risky or not too risky.
And if they're not risky at all then they give them a loan and determine the terms of the law not to
acquire these applicants.
Companies can of course just organically wait for them to come to them through their website or mobile
app or they can set up advertisement campaigns to reach out to those possible applicants.
Other times lending companies partners with P2P lending marketplaces these P2P marketplaces are Web
sites or companies that receive a lot of loan applications and who serve as intermediaries to link these
applicants to lending companies.
Now some of those examples of the marketplaces that we see in the market right now are of course lending
three upstart Lending Club.
And there is a lot of money more that you can find in this project we're going to assess the quality
of the leads our company receives from these marketplaces by predicting whether or not they're going
to reach a particular screen in our board process and we'll go into detail what all that means in a
second.
Now let's summarize this the market in which we're working is the set of all applicants who reached
out through an intermediary marketplace so all the applicants are coming through these P2P lending marketplaces.
The product itself is just a lot.
There's nothing special about this is we're one of them a good loan something they are satisfied with.
But in this particular project we're not all concerned with the product itself we're concerned with
the quality of the applicants that we're getting.
Now the exact goal of the model is to develop a model of course to predict the quality of applicants
so in this case we're calling quality applicants as those who reach a particular screen.
Onboarding process the application process.
OK.
So if her reach that particular screen then we know it's a person who's very interested in the loan
and we can consider them as quality applicants.
Now when you're working and Vindex and you're building models while you can define quality however you
want.
You can.
You can define quality as applicants who get the loan applicants who pay off the loan.
These are the sort.
In this case we're only focused on the onboarding process so our quality our definition of quality is
going to be people who reach the esign in part of our onboarding process.
So let's go into a little more detail now.
Now in this business challenge we're working for a finta company want to specialize on loans and it
offers low HPR loans to are applicants.
And of course it is based on financial habits like any lending company would do.
All of them will look at your financial history and decide whether or not you are a person they can
give a loan to.
Now the company that you're working with has partner with AP to be lending marketplace of course like
we described before and we see that the conversions the successful loans given to people coming from
this marketplace are pretty satisfactory.
So we're now going to focus on that part.
What we're going to focus on is on the onboarding process and improve the onboarding process.
So the company is giving you a task to create a model to predict whether or not the Leitz will complete
the electronic signature phase of the on board and process the loan application process right.
We call this action of Capelli electronic signature and it is signed.
So if the user has esign then he has finished this particular step.
So now the reason the company tasked with this is because they want to leverage this model put it into
file which applicants all which come in applicants from these P2P marketplaces are less quality.
Meaning that they are not likely to be interested enough with onboarding process.
What they see when they come to us to even finalize their application.
And of course this is way before we decide or not to give them a loan or what terms to give them.
So let's go into a little more detail now that there is a reason why in this project we select the signing
process and to understand that let me give you a quick description of how the funnel looks.
And in this process of so the way this process works the way it final structure is and the following
not applicants will come to this P2P marketplaces.
They will give someone the information so that they can be given different suggestions or what laws
makes sense for them.
But before they're given those suggestions that information is processed by the marketplace and is given
to lending companies like us lending then companies will sometimes bid different marketplaces and different
structures but we will decide whether or not to accept this lead and what it might have real state in
that list or resold that the loan applicants get.
So if the loan applicant decides to click on our particular offer as compared to the other offers he
has available then they arrive into our website or mobile app whatever that is and begin the actual
official application process.
And this is what we're trying to gauge the application process is what we're trying to do.
Judge if it's effective or not.
So in the application process the user gives us some extra information some redundant information as
well.
And they start going to screen by screen filling out different details until they reached the final
step of the screen the esign interface that you sign in screen and they decide whether or not they want
to finalize their application and whether or not all the information they have given is correct.
So if they e-zine that means that they have been interested enough in getting that loan that they have
filled out all the necessary information.
Now because any of the in screens post the e-zine and screen like we are now we accept the application
or what are the terms of the loan and things like that because all of those things are decided by the
company itself.
And they are not a real sign or whether or not the applicant is interested anymore.
Now that's more of a topic of how our decision making models are structure and how we decide to give
in terms how do we decide to accept a loan applicant.
But that's not what we're focused on here in this project we're focusing on the onboarding process.
So we only care about all the screens in which the applicant has full control and that symp all this
means that the payout whether or not the applicant is interested in the loan and that culminates with
the signing screen.
So that's what we're going to gauge here.
We're going to gauge if a user is quality.
Meaning that if the user is interested enough to reach that final plus of the onboarding process.
Okay.
So in the next PTO I'm going to go over that data and some other fields and I'm going to give you both.
It is scription of the data and we are actually going to also go in to the columns and see how that
it is structured.
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.